OK
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
server              	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
message             	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
OK
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
server              	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
message             	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
server              	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
message             	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
OK
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
server              	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
message             	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
Moved: 'viewfs://hadoop-meituan-test/user/hive/warehouse/mart_waimai.db/log_messages_external' to trash at: hdfs://hadoop-meituan-test/user/hdp_qa/.Trash/Current
