OK
OK
OK
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
encrypt_server      	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
encrypt_message     	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
OK
OK
year=2011/month=1/day=1
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
encrypt_server      	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
encrypt_message     	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
OK
OK
OK
OK
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
encrypt_server      	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
encrypt_message     	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
OK
OK
year=2011/month=1/day=2
OK
hms                 	int                 	                    
severity            	string              	                    
encrypt_server      	string              	                    
process_id          	int                 	                    
encrypt_message     	string              	                    
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
year                	int                 	                    
month               	int                 	                    
day                 	int                 	                    
	 	 
OK
OK
OK
OK
Moved: 'viewfs://hadoop-meituan-test/user/hive/warehouse/encrypt_db4alter.db/tbl4fileformat_external' to trash at: hdfs://hadoop-meituan-test/user/hdp_qa/.Trash/Current
